Connect between Shriya Rao - February 08
VIEW RECORDING - 61 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/SEnQypESRj6u2rJ2F2A7Eyt5xx-3nwg7

---

0:00 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  with one of my cousin's brother and built out an AI agent, which will write blogs for us right now that is that is sorted.  But in terms of paid media, so SEO part, I don't think we can do anything more apart from this.  It's pretty much keyword research, and I feel it's like a one time thing. So I'm not going to stress about it a lot.  So there are other verticals where I want to get into AI agent, especially paid media, wanted to check if you guys have ever done any project in with ads, regards to Google ads, meta ads, anything on those lines, in terms of creating, what exactly are we looking for that?

0:44 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So are we looking to create these ads? we looking to handle the post engagement after these ads? What are we exactly looking for?

0:52 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  So once the ads are set up, suppose if in a span of six months, we have ran. 25 different ads for the same objective test, which is working, which is not working, but could be it since right now human is monitoring it, they might not analyze correctly.  For example, creative would be wrong. For example, budget was not enough. That is why the campaign must have not run.  So able to optimize and tell us like, hey, this campaign, do this sort of changes and, you know, it'll be performing well and creatives are bad.  So competitors are doing this sort of creative. So you can do these creatives and it'll help out. So anything on that space, can we venture out paid media?  I want definitely some AI progress to happen, but how, what I'm very clueless. So I wanted to check on that.  My second requirement would be we want to create a lead gen funnel. Our goal is to, on a monthly basis, reach out 20,000 potential business folks at two, be shown to 20,000 folks.  And from that, at least probably 100.-realization. Let's ready. So, Let's Let's We might get 100 call bookings. Out of 100, maybe 5 we might onboard the client.  So that is keeping the conversion rates very low at this point. This is the calculation we could come up.  So want to have a lead gen. I do know webinar is one good way to go about for the lead gen and then doing the email and SMS.  But any other suggestions on lead gen? Have you guys ever built lead gen for agency? Is that some automation we can bring?  or create? That is my second question. My third question is, as I've informed you, we are working with FEC industry, that is family entertaining centers.  And within that, we are working for an indoor playground as a huge big scale. Right now they have like 10 franchises and everything is being handled by us, except one or two locations.  But most of the locations, 95% of the locations is being handled by us. So... So... For them in that industry, when it comes to social media, giving immediate updates is very important.  For example, if there is no immediately a creative needs to be created, a pop-up needs to go on the website, and then they have to come down after 24 hours.  But someone, if someone forgets to remove them or anything, you know, they will lose the business for one day because people will open the website, they'll see it's closed today, and then they won't turn up.  So that's a very, very, it looks like a small update, but then it's very, I mean, it affects the cost for the customer in a huge way.  So is there something we can do some automation where things will come out of 24 hours automatically, or if I put a duration like 5pm this time, it has to come down, where the website pop-up will go down, at least for the websites, because Instagram, it's still doable for, I mean, the client has access, so he can delete it.  But for the website, it gets a little hard, and I cannot go into every 10 clients and do this and check this and stuff.  So these are the. Three things I had, like my problem statements at the moment, these three are, and want to pick your brain and see if it is there anywhere we can collaborate on these three items.

4:11 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah, before we move forward, I just want to have a few questions with you about your business. So last time what I remember is I think you're handling more of the digital end of a few businesses, social media end of the few businesses.

4:24 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yeah. Right.

4:26 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  If you could just walk me through what you are doing and what is your target audience?

4:32 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yeah, we take care of a typical digital marketing agency and we want to be AI powered. We want to be industry leaders in two niches.  One is FEC family entertaining center niche, which will come into a playground, retreats, trampoline parks, resorts, anything family entertaining, bowling avenues, stuff like that.  Number two, health and wellness. He just very many six years ago. SMS marketing, so yeah, these are all the things that we are covering in, we are in service space, not D2C yet, so that is how things are looking at the moment, and we don't have a CRM, we want to get a CRM where we can, we were considering go high level, but we were going back and front in the CRM, but that is something futuristically we want to get into that, where it is much more cleaner, sophisticated, but yeah, that's still on.

6:30 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  back of our pipeline, so did I answer your question, did I send you out, yeah, think, I think I have a good idea now, and about, I think, I remember about FEC that, you you were I think engaging with them when we last spoke as well, yeah, hyperkits, indoor playground, that was a main line, hyperkits, yeah, yeah, from now, we scaled up very heavily with with the.

7:00 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  In that world of hyperkits, there were just three branches were taking care. Now we're taking eight client, 10 clients right now.  There are five more clients who have already signed a deal with us. So right now we're trying to scale up and match their workforce and handle the entire operations.  And we got into health and wellness. We've already logged in one client. Now we're getting, we're going in a slower pace because team used to be stronger.  Otherwise, the entire foundation will fall down. we are focusing on hiring right now. So once the hiring part by March, we'll be finishing all the hiring part.  So that is when we want to get into lead gen and everything. I'm again, setting the pace for the April month, March end, April month.  Of course.

7:46 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  And yeah, now that you know about, now that I know about you, let me just introduce myself again. I know that you've spoken before, but what we have been essentially targeting is how we're able to help different business owners to scale their own revenue.  you. Thank Of course, we built AI Automation, AI Agents, but everything is in the focus of how can I help your business make more money.  Because in order to make you more money, that's where I can make more money. That's the very clear instruction that I have actually developed for the business, that this is how we want to position ourselves.  So just putting that in as a thought, I just want to talk about how much revenue are you doing right now and how much you're ready to invest in your business?

8:33 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  We are making up until $10k per month. And investment wise, again, budget of $2k $3k is what we have in mind, like for a one-time setup, not a recurring cost.  But yeah, that's about it. Okay.

8:56 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. The reason I'm asking you is because when we had no Putting these numbers down, when we start working together, my goal is going to be how can I increase this number for you, because that's only when that's this is the only number that you're going to see that, you know, I worked with Prakarsh, and I went from 10k to probably 25k or 35k.  And this is the result that I was able to get. Perfect. Now, just coming back to the questions that you originally had that have you worked with lead generation automations or competitor analysis automations?  Frankly, yes, we have actually worked with that. We've worked with different businesses, like, you know, recruitment agencies. We've also worked with HVAC service owners.  So and a lot of content creators, I've actually partnered with, whom have brought me different other connections that they wanted for lead generation for digital marketing, because a lot of people were more inclined towards the agents rather than, you know, basically, they wanted these blog writing automations or anything that can help them get their SEO done, rather than having hiring someone else.  They were very much inclined towards it.

10:02 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  So I have worked for the past one year. I've been working in all these spaces.

10:06 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So talk about lead generation, competitor analysis, as well as voice agentic space and other agents. We've definitely worked on it.  But to identify the right system for you, I would like to know what is the manual system that you're doing for your own business, if you're talking about lead generation.  And when you talk about competitor analysis, how we are doing it right now? Is it only the meta ad library that we're using or are we doing something else?  What are the key steps so that I just have a quick understanding of what is the manual pipeline that you're doing and how can we make it better in the optimized way?

10:44 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Got it. For our clients, it is pretty much looking at the ad library, a couple of competitors in that specific area.  For example, in 10 to 15 miles, whatever my computer's radius is looking at the potential. She'll complete us and if they're running any ads in the in general, the domain, big players in that domain.  For example, in the indoor playground, Skyzone is a really big player here. So we see what Skyzone is running and based on that, we create some creatives and run and see if that is giving us any results.  And we do lead gen for birthday parties. Then again, it's the same logic for us as you give the client revenue through marketing.  And that is when they'll keep us, they'll retain us for a long time. So we give them birthday party leads revenue.  And then when they get those leads, it goes to a call center team. They call. But then again, there is a gap between because if marketing and call center don't work in collaboration, it is all going to fall down.  And they have most of the times we see the comments is of phones not being picked and stuff like that.  So we have optimized our campaign saying. So that what is the preferred time and date to call, and they give the preferred time and date, but logistically it's not working out for them to call in that specific time, so that's one more gap, but then call center team also, I think they collaborated with something, they are a completely different team from us, they're a different company, so they are bringing some voice AI agent, they're working their system out, so next one they'll have some update for us in how to execute that, I believe, not sure, but yeah, so that is the way we do pretty much looking at the ads and competitors, ads in my meta ad library and pulling things out, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, yeah, just to reiterate, I think you have, when you're working with one company, yeah, when you're working with one company, you need to have a list of all the competitors that are out there in the market, second is, what ads, what marketing campaigns they're running, on the way you check it out, on the way ad library, and do you also,

13:00 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  They stalk their social media, just to understand what are they doing organically, think that's also there, Those are the three key things that you do.  And just like you mentioned that, you know, of course, marketing and sales have to be very much in collaboration because if sales is not getting converted, revenue is not getting generated and the entire blame goes on to the marketing team, essentially.  So that is one thing I agree. Actually, for that as well, like you already mentioned, they are building some voice AI agents and everything on a separate.  we actually built something like that for an HVAC business owner that they were running Facebook ads. But of course, as soon as someone clicks on these ads, there is no human engagement.  There is no engagement on the business end to the potential lead. And frankly, it is not even possible if you're able to contact 100 or 1000 leads in a day.  Correct. So for that we built a voice AI agent that as soon as someone. And fills out a form or as soon as someone essentially opens that ads and we have at least phone number from their end, our voice agent will immediately call within 15 to 20 seconds and we'll get all the details done pre, you know, an initial screening that is very much required to convert that lead.  And as well, if you're able to reach out to them within 15 seconds of them clicking on clicking on an ad psychologically, they'll be more engaged with your business.  Right. If I'm choosing a perfume plant who's doing some, some sort of meta ads or Instagram ad and I click on it, I enter my phone number and I get a call from them that, you know, hey, Prakash, we saw that you're interested in this perfume.  Do you want to buy it? I will be more inclined to buy it. Right. So these agents are actually able to help get those leads warmed up.  Quick question about that.

14:49 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  So do you guys also, did you guys also figure out if they're giving a preferred time and slot to call exactly on that?  Can you schedule the calls based on the answers that they're giving out? know, want to you. Can I schedule a call based on the answers they're giving out, what does that mean to you?  So are we in the questionnaire that we ask, wherever we're getting the PII information, what is your best time to call, best day and time to call?  That is something we ask as a question so that we can give them, because most of the folks don't answer those calls.  Even if a voice AI agent is coming, if they're not picking up the call, then it's, that's a whole.  So for us, the lift rate is very, very low and they give us a, so that is where we have optimized.  Okay. What is the best time and date to call? And they give out the day and time. A few folks answer like any day in the evening after 5 PM, few folks give date and specific window.  So it's different answers right now. And that is the main gap because even right now, the call goes within 10 minutes that is figured out.  But then no one is picking up the call and we want them to call them in a specific time that they, they have given out.  So how to logistically figure that out would be my, I would be.

16:01 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah, if you just talk about this YCI agent thing, there are two ways that I would highly suggest this one.  So when we have questionnaire, we are asking when is the best time to call. And it's going to be normal plain English that someone says, you know, probably tomorrow, probably after my lunch or something like that.  So we need an LLM integration that can actually figure out what is the right time in numbers. What is the exact time that we need to call.  And of course, there's a call scheduler. A lot of people are not implementing that, but we implemented it basically whenever I want to call someone, it's not a direct call that I have a lead.  I just have to call it. No, for each lead, I'm assigning a time slot that I'm going to call.  So when we are assigning the time slot, I can use that questionnaire and assign the right time slot. So if I, if the person clicked on an ad, let's say 10 PM and I was going to call at 10, 10, 10 PM, 10 minutes, then instead of that, instead of calling a 10, 10, I would look at the questionnaire that they filled out.  If they said, if they said. Call me at 1 p.m. tomorrow, then I will use that number and I will schedule that call at 1 p.m.

17:06 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  tomorrow.

17:06 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So I have that call scheduling system integrated already. And of course, this is not the complete picture as well.  When we have this, even after calling at 1 p.m., they can say, hey, I'm a little busy. Can you call me in three hours?  Can you call me next sometime? Then we also have a call rearranger. So of course, there are two calls that we're going to do.  First is right after the ads, whatever is the scheduled time. And second is if they say, please call me at this time, then we have the second call scheduled.  But after that, if they're not engaging with us in two calls, we would not want to waste our precious, you know, money as well as time over those prospects because they are not really interested.  Right. So we also need to filter out. That's my suggestion. Of course, we can build the customer system according to your psychological.  How much do you think the setup will cost us?

17:59 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Because this is... Clearly was not within our scope of, I mean, that is call center. They need to figure out that was my always mindset.  Again, it is impacting the ROI of the client, but if we have to onboard the system, how do you think roughly the cost will look like?

18:15 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So for this, the first one-time setup is just going to be, you know, it's actually not a one-time setup when we are doing engaging with calls and per minute system.  So it's going to be a monthly retainer type of thing. Because in that sense, what we need is, it's not just going to be a system that we give you.  We need to have continuous monitoring of the system, but are the calls being made? Is there any A2B protocol issue?  Is there any 2LU issue? Is there any phone number issue? Anything there can be. So essentially our team has to be active in understanding if there is an issue on the customer end or on our end.  Second thing is when we are engaging with multiple calls, if you can give me a number that in a month probably will be be doing 500 calls.  Then I Then I can.

19:00 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Give you a code that, you know, for 500 calls, going to be this amount of money together, combined to all the locations, every probably 150 calls roughly 150 calls and 150 calls per month.

19:25 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Right? Yeah.

19:28 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yeah.

19:28 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So if that's the case, it's going to cost somewhere in the range of $450 per month. Got it. Where my team will handle all the monitoring.  If there is, of course, when we are building these voice agents, there is going to be prompt re-enhancement. So we handle that as well.  You can just let us know that you can try it out. If you say after a month that, you know, hey, let's try to make the wording no change.  Let's try to make change the voice or something like that. can do that. Got it.

19:56 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  One second. Let me make a note of this. Again, this is not something I was... I'm honestly looking forward for this.  Now that I know this is feasible, I'm just going to make a note of it and see how it fits in within our system.

20:14 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  See, essentially, the purpose is just to get, how can we get more clients to a business? When we do that, I think everything is part of my business.  So I need to make sure that anything that you need, it's being handled by us. I know, I know.

20:29 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  But if the 450 has to go out of our pocket instead of the call center, then there's a lot that we need to pitch in and then that is going to go from us.  So we need to get that sort of revenue in our hand to even pass it on to you. And that's going to be a recurring cost on a monthly basis.  So that is where a lot of decision making folks need to come in. And we have a lot to figure out within our marketing scope, even going, jumping onto the sales.  And again, we are ROs. So that is the reason why I was like, okay, let me listen this out and see how it works out.  But I need to first make conversations with co-founder. If this is something, if we add, this is an add on feature, are there something folks that will be interested?  And first it needs to be pilot testing. They need to build confidence. Okay. For one location it's happening before we make it like, well, uh, around all the clients.  So that is interesting. And if this is even not happening for hyperkits, we are like the, the legion that I'm talking about for all the FCC industries, we want to get into indoor playgrounds or kids space very first.  So those needs, we can have a conversation with them. Like, Hey, we can take care of the voice agent and put it as a package and send it out to them.  And if it's working out, then, you know, we can work it out internally.

21:47 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  But if I just ask you another question that, you know, when we say that we need to have a con, I mean, when we are deciding these things, is it just going to be the co-founder of the company?  I think. Shri energy it is, or is it, uh, the, uh, client's information, do we need to get confirmation from the client or from our, so when it comes to Srinergy, it's Srinergy is basically an Indian company and then U.S.

22:14 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  company name is Stratcore Media, so you'll be hearing two names along the way. Now we are a fully marketing agency and we want to get into automation and AI space and for the clients where it's a call center and that comes into the page, they are associated with a different company altogether.  They are not doing well and ultimately I'm also seeing from the lens, Hey, I want to show results. I want to prove them results that we have achieved XYZ, but ultimately if this is not happening and birthday parties is something where decision making happens, where parents decide they discuss with their own parents because it's a big scale, but they're celebrating and they're essentially spending around $300 on one single day.  That's like the base plate. That is like the first year package. So. It takes a little bit of decision making before they make a purchase.  It's not like a dress or a cycle where they can just order it on Myntra and then it shows up.  So since it takes a little bit of its service-based, decision-based, call center team plays a major role and that is where they are lacking and I'm like, what do we do about it?  But I know you have given us a solution on what is the best way and I would love to get that into the process, but I'm not sure if that is something we can indulge in, add it on a package.  We didn't expect that to be scope of our work. We want to get our marketing get into a better place first and maybe very later in the pipeline.  Never even thought of getting a call center or giving a voice agent as a particular part yet. Yeah, I agree.

23:46 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  I think it's more of an additional thing. So I have a question for you. When we talk about that, you know, this voice agent is not on your end.  It's more on the sales team end. Yeah. When we get noted, uh, how So is the actual pain point that you're facing?  And how can you scale to more revenue? If I just ask you these two questions, because that is my entire goal.  So how can you how what do you think you are going to implement to get more revenue from the clients?  And second is, you know, what is the actual pain point that you're targeting?

24:18 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Got it. Our pain point is people call center team not giving them a call in a particular time slot, whenever the client has mentioned or whenever the customer has mentioned call me at this around this time, call not being gone.  And then second follow up, there should be at least three, three follow ups in a week for continuously two weeks.  So there should be six follow ups that will be going on. And that will give us an understanding. So when these conversions, that is our main pain point with the sales team.  That is not able to handle. Now, when it comes to us, we are able to generate probably 15 to 20 leads per month with the budgets that they have, they have super low budgets when it comes to  So a of clients have decent budget, couple of clients have low budget, but I want to have whatever ad spend is happening.  I want to get the best results out of it. I don't want to bleed money anywhere by testing out or, you know, maybe the person who is monitoring was leave on like three days and they were like just out there in the market on the ads and no one optimized it.  And then when it comes to the third day, it might not be his first priority. could probably looking at some client and by the time he comes here, there is already like a hundred dollars that we have misused.  I don't want to bleed money or waste money on that. Uh, ideally want, is there any AI system that we can come into the picture where it optimizes, gives alerts that, Hey, this campaign from this location is giving XYZ issue.  You need to immediately make this sort of changes and he can come back and make changes. Creatives are not up to the mark.  And even before uploading the creative system anywhere we can, you know, uh, have some sort of AI screening saying that this is up to mark, this is below mark, and this is not so that according to the, all the competition.  Profiters, creatives or competitors, or in general industry standards, and then make a decision. So that is where my lead gen I want to make stronger for my clients, and paid media, these are the two things I thought could be a scope and wanted to check with you on those things.  Apart from that lead gen for our own as a company, we want lead gen, we want more clients. So that is our major focus, that would be our major focus for sure.  yeah so when we talk about 15 to 20 leads per month is this for one location or is this for the entire us location one location and we are dealing with how many locations about uh 10 locations right now i mean two of the locations are still before they didn't open the doors but we're doing pre-marketing they're opening in march april so we're just doing pre-marketing for them so yeah yeah the way we are getting these 15 to 20 leads it is only from metads right only from metads not google yet yeah so the the leads that if we get

27:00 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  It's 20 leads for one location. almost 200 leads that we're If you're able to convert, right now, how many leads are we converting?  And to which number should we go to?

27:14 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Uh, right now from 150 leads, probably we are converting. It's very low 25 to 30, not even 25 to 30.  Honestly, it's 20 to 25 on a good season, on a good season. Like for example, winters is a good season.  So this is our conversion rate. And, uh, we want at least out of, uh, do you want to read somewhere 60 to 70% conversion rate?  So almost, I think 90 leads. Yeah. Okay. Close to that.

27:52 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So, uh, when you talk about getting 90 leads closed, are we also looking to increase the number of 152 problems?  So there are two ways that we can increase, if we increase the number of leads or if we increase the conversion rate.  So are we targeting both or are we targeting one thing? It's going to be both.

28:12 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  We want to increase our conversion rate from percentage XYZ to XYZ plus one. And then the number of leads again is dependent on client's budget.  If they don't give us a budget, there is hardly that we can increase the leads. So I, as of now, whatever budget they're giving us, if it is $100 per month, hypothetically, I want to make a good use of $100 and not bleed like $20 of that.  And then, you know, the rest of the amount is being used, but I want to make sure $100 is being actually useful and there is no bleeding of money.  Okay.

28:48 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So ideally, even if we, since we are limited on $100, think 150 to 200 leads is actually the top most that we are able to get.  I think $100 is my hypothetical number.

28:59 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  think we're spending about. $500-$600. Per location, we're spending close to $400-$500. Again, these are the very lowest budgets I've ever worked with.  I've worked with very huge budgets in the past, but with this client, whoever's business is running well, they don't tend to spend a lot.  So, since the brand is anyways driving. Yeah.

29:23 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  And what should be the ideal ticket size for that business? I mean, for one lead, how much are they averagely spending?

29:30 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  It starts from $200 and it goes up to $1,000.

29:34 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Okay, so the product that they're selling is from $200 to $1,000. Yeah. Okay, fair. So for 90 leads, think they're almost making, I'd say, $1,000 is a rare thing.

29:47 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  It's only a private party where they book an entire day. They book the entire space. So it's rare that they can buy in 2000.  Maybe let's make an Average of $350, so yeah, per lead, maybe that could be. And even if you're taking the 20 leads that we are generating at $7,000 for all the locations combined, it's not just one.  So if I'm dividing it by eight, as of now, it is hardly 875. So we're just, if they're giving us $400, we're giving them about $800 to business.  That's all. But I want to have that in a bigger, bigger numbers, bigger scale. Okay.

30:29 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so for $400, I think we need to focus on both fronts, I agree and see, the thing is, when you talk about convert conversion rate, I don't think it's dependent on the digital marketing team, rather it's dependent on the sales team only.  So I understand your frustration when you say that, know, sales team is not following up with them properly. One way is that we can go towards increasing the conversion rate by taking control in our own hands that, you know, you are spending $500.

30:57 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Okay.

30:58 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  I understand. say. No. No. No. Let me take care of the conversion rate by properly putting up follow-up systems, not just voice-y agent, we can also have follow-up systems like, you know, we're sending them emails, WhatsApp campaigns.  Oh, yeah, that is happening.

31:12 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  That is something, recent update that we have done. So patch is something that we have asked a client to buy that we didn't want to take the responsibility of tech stack.  So we've asked, we've given a couple of options, and patch is something for their specific industry they have built out in a SaaS system.  So email and SMS, even building automations, like whoever didn't visit from 90 days, sending out the SMS or email campaign with a code, all these things have been set up.  And last month we have just connected our Google leads to patch through an API connection, and now a little bit of messaging and everything is being approved.  So next week somewhere, we need to, we'll be getting this live. So that part is sorted. We have taken.  So the control through email and SMS part. How that is going to perform will have next two months to see the data and then we will be deciding on how to optimize and stuff.  But yeah, that is that is definitely happening. But for as a company, we don't have any email system. When we want to do our own lead gen, that is where we will be looking into, you know, email and SMS marketing and stuff like that.

32:22 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So right now, Shriya, if you talk about the lead generation, the competitive analysis. So for when we're doing competitive analysis, basically you're targeting the, can we improve our own ads?

32:37 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  As an agency to see, not just for hyper kids, I'm giving you that as a use case because that's our major client and we want to, we don't want to drop the boat with them.  We want to do the best before they even come back and ask. But ideally, with our paid leads, how can any AI system help us out?  Is there any automation we can do? That is one of my very, very curious, not just for meta ads, but Google ads as well.  Number two, we need to build our own lead gen funnel, which works on autopilot, where I don't have to figure out every month, oh no, is Google Ads running?  How is everything happening? Is there any? I know there's a lot of funnels people are building these days. I was curious to check with you if that is something that anything that you have in mind, or anything that we build out on discussions.  One thing is that my goal, instead of going through webinar and then booking a call, directly booking a call would be my first lead gen activity.  And then webinar, if some, if I have, if my conversion rates are pretty bad, then that is where I will be probably thinking about getting into webinar route.  But yeah, that's my top of the, that's one of the, my thought process at the moment. What was the third thing I remember paid is one thing I mentioned.

33:52 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  The third thing I think I mentioned was talking about FEC and Endo Playground. So I think the third thing was getting the conversion rate up.  And the first two things were lead generation and the ad for computer analysis.

34:05 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yeah, yes.

34:08 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so I think we are, let me just drag back. When we discussed that for this voice AI agent as well as the conversion rate, I think it's a very small problem that you're targeting for your end.  think your first problem is going to be getting more leads into your own digital marketing agency.

34:28 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yeah, I know it's a small scale, but then if you're doing lead gen, fulfillment is very important, right? Like if you're not able to do a proper fulfillment, then it is going to be an issue for us.  So we want to, that is where like my Feb and March month goals were like, make the team strong, make the systems build strong, so that I don't have to worry when the client comes in.  See, logging a client is tough, but when it happens, you need to maintain that sort of work ethic and then that sort of results need to show up.  when that is failing again, everything will go bad. I don't even know. If I get 10 clients, good, they will give me more business end of the day, true word of mouth.  So that is a reason why, even though it looks like a small, but then it's a very big factor for us to have a strong system in place and ultimately paid ads is like blood of the company.  The more you have good paid ads, everything is branding, it's bottom funnel, top funnel, I mean, middle funnel, top funnel, paid ads is literally a bottom funnel, which will convert into ROI.  So that is the first thing that I want to tackle and make the system stronger, see what is out there, AI automation, whatever it is, I want to keep that system in place, and then figure out the rest of the things later part is later.  Fair enough.

35:40 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So I think our focus comes back to competitor analysis on the paid ads. And that is something that you will be utilizing for FEC, Hyperkids, and probably any other leads that you have.

35:53 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Any client, it's not just Hyperkids. It's competitors, one, two, paid ads, able to give us that sort of. Let's say this guy is running good or not, AI able to give that sort of information.  So Compton analysis is one small chunk of it as a whole paid ads. Then when there are like 30 campaigns running across all the clients, let's take a ballpark number here, 30 different campaigns happening as a digital marketing agency.  are running 30 different campaigns for all our clients able to monitor by folks. It just increases our service to higher ratio.  We don't want to keep hiring folks for every five clients and then we will never be able to make profits out of this business.  So that is where we want to get into an AI where it will monitor, it will do the part, at least when the setup is done, will monitor and it will tell, hey, this just needs to be fixed, your campaign is going bad, you need to come back and fix this, this just needs to happen, probably your creative is bad, CTR is low, so your creative is bad, your budgets are low, increase the budget and your campaign will run good.  So these sort of optimization solutions, it will throw out, it will go. I have also seen one tool called Go Marble.  I don't know if you have heard about it, but Go Marble is something that all the D2C marketing agencies are using, probably didn't get a lot of chance to research on it or test it out, but was thinking on my back of, and I need to research on what other tools are there.  But before even getting into that, I wanted to check with you, because I know last time we spoke and it didn't, the deal didn't get through because we scaled back on SEO, we found it too complicated.  But yeah, paid is something we want to heavily go if I'm finding the right fit.

37:36 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Okay, so focusing on paid ads, paid ads, I think are just reiterating on your thought, our goal is that whenever we're working with any business, we just create a monitor that, hey, this is a business, fine, keep updating the competitor list, keep checking out the competitor ads, and keep tracking their budgets, their things, what are they doing, so that  It can compare to our current ads. It has also the data of our current ads. It keep comparing them.  And every, probably every single day or probably every single week, it runs, it checks, and it gives you a report that, you know, we are good or we are bad and we need to improve these and these things.

38:16 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  I think that's what we're looking for. That is one aspect of seeing, but then even without comparing with the competitor, our own ads with the metrics you see, you should be able to, it should be able to suggest some things.  For example, if our reach and impressions are high and click through rate is low, that the story, the metrics that Ford is trying to tell me is your creative is bad.  Or if my click through rate is high, my reach is high. And if the lead is not getting converted, something is happening with the feed, something is going off, how to fix that part.  So every metric, something is high, something is low, will tell me some sort of story. If my reach and impressions are not high, that means my budget is not enough probably.  Or maybe my creative is absolutely bad, something between these two will come in too. So. So even before comparing with the competitors, because you won't get competitors' result of how much they are spending, what is their, you will get to know they're creative, but you will never get to know if it's a performing ad or not.  So you need to check your own campaign and based on the metrics it's showing, make developments according to it.

39:19 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Fair.

39:19 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  And this applies for Meta and Google when I'm seeing all these things. Yeah.

39:24 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So are we looking at something like a Slack integration or because I think it's more of a chat bot for you on the front end, but on the back end it's going to be doing a lot of things.  But for someone as a client, I just want reports on email or WhatsApp or Slack or anything like that, right?

39:39 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yeah, we have Google Workspace, maybe getting updates on our Google Workspace would be easier because the entire team works, chats through that.  Okay. Yeah.

39:48 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So I think Google Workspace works and we, we will have the, so all we need is the report that this is working.  This is not working. Do this. Do.

39:59 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Correct. On a daily basis. it's doing good, then yeah, it's good. So for this location, for this client, XYZ client, you're running three campaigns.  Campaign one is performing this way, campaign two is performing this way, campaign three is performing this this way. This is monitoring.  It's going good. Keep continuing. I see some changes. Maybe you need to get back and monitor it and fix some things.  And then in terms of, again, the second part is what you mentioned, competitors, what ads are they running? And then, you know, giving suggestions in the loop, it has to keep giving suggestions so that we don't have to manually go back and check our computers and it will give us all the list at one place.

40:40 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Makes sense. And I think that is, I understand this. Let me just go back and you know, let me just have a conversation with my team on what will be the right schema for you.  And at the same time, can you share me probably some of your competitors? competitors, and Yeah, one brand that you're targeting, one or two brands or whatever you're working with and their competitors and let me just try it out on my, on my end, what is going on, what is, because I think when we have this on service level, it will be fine, but that surface level automation is something.  It's not going to get you the right results, but I would like to build you is something that is actually going into the depth of it for that.  Let me just have that experimentation in mind that I try it out myself and I will let you know that, you know, this is working good and this is not, and probably we can have a call by, uh, let's say Tuesday and I can come up with a schema with you that, you know, this is, this is what I have an idea for.  And, uh, these are the APIs and all these things that we are going to implement and I can quote with, I can, I think accordingly.  Okay. Fair enough.

41:47 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Fair enough. Uh, this is again, the internal part I've mentioned, like within our services. is one of the upgrade now, uh, want to understand.  Is there any automated leadgen that we can build out? Have you ever built out like legions for digital marketing agencies and any insights on that, on how to go about it or what system we can build together?

42:12 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Yeah, for that, let me just quickly mention one thing. When you're talking about leadgen, I think just probably one or two years back, I used to think leadgen is, if it is a leadgen, I know that it is going to generate leads.  But ideally, when we talk, when I, when I have, I know dove deeper into it, what I realized that leadgen is actually quite a big segment.  Every company, every business, even in the same segment will have to have a different type of leadgen, because your positioning is different.  My positioning is different and someone probably your sister company's positioning is going to be different. So what happens is when you talk about lead generation, it's going to be first, I have to understand very much about your own business.  What type of clients you're targeting? What is the ICP? What is the, oh, yeah.

42:59 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Oh, yeah. Perfect.

43:02 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So what are the methods that you are currently getting your leads from? Right? And then I will have to dive more into the sense that what is lead generation in your own niche?  Probably, there are some other people that are trying out some new segments, some new other things. And then we would like to build your own lead generation system because I have worked with lead generation system.

43:21 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  And for every business that I've worked with, had to, yeah, as I said, So how things went about is initially we targeted all the Indians in us who have businesses because it's easier to penetrate.  We just felt at the same ethnicity. comfort level is high. we started that way. And one of the client did reach one.  We got one response, a couple of responses out of that one went ahead. that is being hyper kids. Now, when we tapped into that, we understood it's a very big market.  And then there, he has like a So five to six already up franchises where a very mediocre team is doing marketing and that was frustrating him.  So it worked out very favorably. think luck was on our side as well at that point of time. So we did it for a very, very, almost near to free marketing for three months.  And he liked our work. And that is when we were able to scale up. And now it is all paid gigs.  We're getting paid for all the franchises. Every new franchise comes in. It's a new opportunity for us to give them a presentation and lock in.  And then we have that client in our bucket. So saying that, that was the first, very first initial legion plan and it worked out and that turned out to be a very big client.  So we never had to do a legion again. The other clients that we have are all word of mouth.  All my previous, when I worked in India, all the folks who know business over there, I reached out and they all gave their businesses to me.  So literally, that's the next part of the business. So it's not like crazy Legion we have ever done. But our ICP is, again, starting off with indoor playground, trampoline parks, because we know the system for it.  We have to just replicate the system for them. So it is sorted for us. Healthcare and wellness also pretty much I know marketing style goes in the same style.  So these are the two things. Ideally, we want to target someone who's in the franchises because we can once if we do a good marketing for one franchise, it's immediate visible.  to all the other franchises, either they will copy our style, or they'll come back at us and reach out saying that, hey, what are you guys doing?  I want to work with you. Ideally, someone who has one or two franchises because they won't figure out about marketing, they'll be figuring it out how to run the operations of their own businesses yet.  So that that is the ICP that we have. Again, I can send you out the document that we have on the ICP in detail on everything.  But on a high level, franchises, newbie franchises who are the Thinking to get franchised in future, healthcare, FEC industry, within the FEC industry also, kids space FEC is something we want to target first, and this can be global, not just limited to USA, and their paying capacity should be minimum of $3,000 per month, and yeah, that's pretty much our initial level, and for hypercaries, I was thinking of webinar, not for hypercaries, but FEC were thinking of webinars, how much of in-depth industry knowledge we have, because ultimately, as I said before, we want to show ourselves as industry leaders, and FEC and health and wellness, FEC, we have gaged one and a half year of knowledge of the industry as well, so that is probably something we will be talking on more on webinars, and how we as a marketing, since we know, understand the industry very well, and we will give them extra insights on the industry that they were not aware of, and that will help us, you know, close the deal, so that is pretty much us, you start.  I have in my mind right now, for webinars, if that is something we want to add to our lead gen, then that is how the route will be going in.  Yeah.

47:10 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So when we are doing these lead generation marketing, the thing is, I've actually read a few things about them as well.  Webinar is a thing. It's very fancy thing to do, and it is actually quite good in the results end.  But what I would suggest is that we do multiple ends. So we are also, there are also cold emails that people send for lead generation.  There's also content that people create. And then there's, of course, the funnels that is through webinar or that is through, you know, free, probably free PDFs that you can provide, you know, some sort of free information that you want to provide.  Webinar is what you're providing information for free on the surface level. And then anyone who wants to dive deep, they pay for the, they pay for your services.  So essentially, if you just break down the webinar thing, I think it's, it's also, you can also provide some content.  So free information to different people through different content or even running ads on that and people will eventually give out their information, probably their email and all these things to you and you can use that email list to send out cold emails.  So what I'm basically saying is webinar is one thing that you should definitely target. Do you have testimonials from these clients?

48:21 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  We don't. We are. So what happened is, again, them being all Indian folks, I don't know how much of value that will bring in because it's all about it.  There is no diversity in our testimonials at this point. We have been behind, but I can get that is what I was thinking to getting the testimonials.  But then they take it in the video. They don't know how to give a proper testimonial. It has to be very efficient testimonial, right?  Some of the testimonials, yeah, they do an amazing work. I love working with them. That's all. No, I want some insightful testimonial.  And I know a person who can give me that insightful testimonial, but she's super busy. She's also talking

50:00 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  never spoken to her, and if I just send you an email that, hey, Shriya, if you want a blog writing automation, I can get you this.  It's not, it's actually going to go, yeah, okay, okay, that's good.

50:10 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Give me one second. I'm so sorry about that. Yeah.

50:19 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

50:23 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah.

50:35 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So all I'm saying is when we are doing these cold emails, it has to be in a sequence and the first email cannot have the direct link.  So basically you have to nurture these leads. We have to provide free value. have to provide, make sure that we are providing, hitting them into the right pain points and all these things.  after those one or two emails, we want to send out the right testimonials to prove our words. Hmm. Right.  That's why I'm saying that let's collect all the testimonials that we can get so that when you're targeting customers, we send out different testimonials to different people so that it's a diversity.  Yep. Yeah. And when you talk about, I can get this content pieces up to you.

51:18 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Like probably this month, I'll be focusing on getting the content pieces from everyone, creating PDF, eBooks, webinar material, presentations, even like email sequencing.  What should my content look like? can create a workflow for that, uh, testimonials, all these things I can give, create that material, get that material ready.  Uh, but the only thing is I don't have time. Like right now, the team is filled with their own clients.  I don't have the capacity, even like creating my, building my own social media for the Stratco page, creating LinkedIn content for Stratco page, or even creating the, we have the website up, but there are so many changes that needs to be done.  And SEO, we have never looked. So we never got a chance to work on our own thing. So even with now Legion, I know I won't have a lot of time to work because I'll be juggling between the operations.  I'm still not out of the operations. I'm within the operations, very heavily invested in the operation. So I can get all these things done, but I wanted a system where things happen automatically.  Again, email part, get MailChimp, put a workflow, things happen. That is okay. But once we get a lead, getting the calls booked, I think that is part.  How, what is the entire system? Automating is something I'm curious.

52:35 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  When we talk about lead generation, I'm just, I'm not just talking about creating a cold emailing automation. What my goal is going to be when I say that I want to get you more leads, I want to get you more booked calls.  Everything beforehand, everything. Let's talk about outreach. Let's talk about lead nurturing. Let's talk about cold emails, social media, DMs, and all these things.  I would like to take in charge and I would like my team to. And the only thing that you need is probably get on a call, convince them that it matters.  The same thing that you're doing with the clients, you know, you're creating the marketing, you're doing all these things, but you don't have the sales power, right?  I would do both of the things I would do cold outreach and I will do the engagement with them so that we can get them on a call with you.  We will use your own cal.com or Calendly link to book a call with you. We will have the enough information beforehand so that we know what, what is going to happen on the call.  You, you take on in charge, you take on the lead there, you convert that call. And that's where you get.  So my goal, if we talk about lead generation, my entire goal is going to be, how can I get more leads to you?  Got it. And, uh, yeah, and let me just, uh, when you talk about this lead generation, since I've, you know, I've actually given a very, uh, detailed understanding.  just want to know, uh, how much are we looking to invest into the paid ad competitor analysis automation? And the second one is lead generation, because one is for.  So I just want to have a graph idea of where is the main priority on the numbers and what are the real numbers on how much can we invest.

54:14 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  So the paid are definitely looking somewhere below. I want it to be a one-time setup. We cannot afford a recurring setup, that is for sure.  So keeping that one setup somewhere between 2.5k, it would be our budget. That 2.5k is like max. And then with our lead gen, probably like $300 per month is something we can get started.  Yeah, $300 per month is something we can get started.

54:46 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So when we say $300 per month, how much? So one lead, I think it's going to be at least $3,000 per month, right?  If we are able to convert one lead?

54:56 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  If they are able to convert, yeah. So it's going to be at least $3,000.

54:59 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Okay. So is it safe to say for, if I get you one or two leads, at least it will be a good ROI for you to spend $300.

55:09 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yep. Yep.

55:12 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  When you're targeting, I think I'm going to get you better numbers only. I'm just saying that I just wanted to keep a context that at least 10 times ROI is something that I'm actually looking to give as well.  If you're investing $1,000 in me, I'm looking to get you $10,000 of the, yeah.

55:28 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Yeah.

55:28 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  So let me just, for leads and I think I need information from your end. What is ICB? More information about the business and the testimonials that you're getting, right?  And for the competitor analysis, we can have a call probably on Tuesday. I can get you the real architecture of what the competitor analysis automation is going to look like and what is going to be the code for it.

55:49 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  So we can start with the competitor analysis one and probably in the hypercats so that you just have, you know, some starting point.  And I'll send you that on WhatsApp. No worries. Absolutely.

56:04 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  As soon as we are satisfied on the competitive analysis, we can start that one. Parallel, we'll have a few more conversations on lead generation so that I understand the way we're going to implement this.  And that way we can have working on that. Yeah.

56:20 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Got it. And in general, right now, know I'm going through SEO. So our blog writing is pretty much, you know, it's, it's there.  We have find out a way, but that's the only thing we could automate. Now, is there anything? Yeah. My third requirement was actually now that I remember website.  The auto updates that go on the website and the pop ups that go on the website, it has to get automatically removed in like 24 hours.  I'll give you to schedule time, like the five hours, you need to, it needs to go off. Is that something we can work out?  In five hours, what needs to go off? Oh, okay. For example, right now I am. I am. I am.  And then there is a private party event that got booked. Whenever a private party gets booked, that means that no one can come in.  It's just booked for the party owners. So we put up a pop up on our website, on our Instagram saying that we are closed until 5pm or they're closed from this time to this time.  Suppose if there's a weather, it's snored very crazily in the last week and all the operations were off, all the businesses were off.  So they had to put out a pop up saying that we are off for businesses. Now, if I forget to remove that pop up and if it stays for longer time for two days, then for two days, people won't turn up because they'll see that pop up that, hey, these people are closed because of the snow.  Maybe they're taking instead of one day, it's taking longer for them and they'll not come. So that way, it's a lost revenue for the client and these pop ups look very small, but then it takes a big impact and toll on the revenue part.  So that is why we want to automate whenever we have a pop up, you know, it automatically goes for, we need to give it a time.  ESvelt So, Bye. So is this something we can do, the whole pop-up parts, and then if we can even connect it to our stories, website, Instagram stories is one thing we do, and then I don't even care about the Instagram right now, website mainly, it has to go up and go down in a specific hours, and if that is happening automatically without human intervention, that's a huge, huge, huge challenge.  Less pain in our .

58:32 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  I understand, I think we can handle that, don't worry.

58:35 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Okay, let me know how, what's the quotation looks like on this, do you need any information from my end?

58:42 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  On that, yeah, when you talk about the pop-up to go up and down, I think it's going to be a scheduled system, so basically you just put some information on a Google form, let's say, that you know, this is the information that you want to create a pop-up on, it should start at this time, it should end at this time.  And it should automatically put it on your website. should automatically take it down. I think this is a type of system that we're looking at.  Okay. Yeah. I mean, just an example, we can have multiple different variations of it as well. But yeah, I would just need to take a look at your website code base so that I know what, how are going to make it work?  If I can see the code base, I can probably give you an estimate on how much time it is going to take and what is going to be the price code for that as well.

59:30 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Got it. Give me the list of questions you need or requirements you need to handle this one and we'll take things out from there.  I'll give you all that information.

59:39 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Absolutely. So I think we spoke about three things. Website popup, competitor analysis and the lead generation. I'll just send you a quick summary on WhatsApp that, you know, for competitor analysis, I need these things.  And this is what I will do for lead generation. I'll do the same and for the popup, I'll do the same.  Okay.

59:55 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Sounds good. Perfect. That's okay. Thank you so much and apologies. I couldn't make it to the last call.

1:00:02 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  That's okay. No worries. I hope that things are okay now. Yeah, that's fine.

1:00:06 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Everything is good. Okay. Looking forward to next call, Prakash. My Monday is Tuesday. It's actually pretty, pretty booked. So when I say something, I'll try to schedule.  If you say that you have some inputs, then I'll try to schedule post Wednesday. And I'll give you information wise.  I know I need to give you ICP, business info, testimonials. It's not something happening right now, but ICP and business info I can give you.  Competitors, I'll be giving you for paid ads thing. And for website, I will be waiting from you for the questions.  And then I'll give that information to you. Yeah, no worries.

1:00:40 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Okay.

1:00:40 - Shriya Yerrabelly (Srinergy Global)
  Sounds good then. Thank you so much, Prakash. a good rest of the day. Take care. Bye-bye. Thank you, Shriya.

1:00:46 - Prakarsh Gupta (prakarshgupta02051@gmail.com)
  Thank you. Bye.